---
permalink: /supervision/
title: "Supervision"
excerpt: "Here I detail my supervision work."
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - "/nmp/"
  - "/nmp.html"
---

Currently I am supervising two masters students across a couple of different insitutitons. Below I detail their projects:

George McKay, Queen Margaret's Research Institute, MScR in Cardiovascular Research [with S.Forbes and M.Vallejo]
======
## Uncovering key drivers of optimal and sub-optimal blood glucose levels in type 1 diabetes.
OpenAPS was developed by a dedicated community of individuals, named #wearenotwaiting, who sought to provide a more flexible and customisable approach to diabetes management. The data is generated by patients on insulin pumps and continuous glucose monitors (CGMs) which communicate with each other by means of an algorithm – people however on these systems still need to administer insulin with their food and make adjustments with exercise; the data collected includes glucose concentrations (recorded every 5 minutes) insulin dose, activity and food / carbohydrate intake. George's project looks to extract and anlyse data from these complex datasets and apply statistical and machine learning techniques in order to understand factors that lead to excellent as well as suboptimal blood glucose control.

Hui Pheng Teoh, The Usher Institute, MSc in Data Science for Health and Social Care [with K.Banas]
======
## Identifying and explaining key trends in Scottish accident and emergency attendances and waiting times.
The analysis of A&E data is crucial for understanding the dynamics of healthcare utilisation, resource allocation, and patient outcomes. By examining comprehensive and longitudinal datasets, Hui's research project aims to identify and explore key trends in accident and emergency (A&E) activity data within Scotland. Moreover, it aims to explore the factors influencing these trends and provide explanations for the observed variations. Using a combination of statistical analysis, data visualisation, and qualitative exploration, the research will delve into the relationships between A&E activity and various demographic, geographic, and temporal factors. This includes investigating the impact of population demographics, socio- economic factors, and urbanisation on A&E utilisation rates.
